Is this house yours?
No, I will pay you.
Now you quickly send the two of them away for me.
I can't lose my face.
The security guard and I can't beat you.
Trash.
Using force cannot solve any problem.
I want to find a way to deal with this bitch once and for all.
I can't let him appear in front of me anymore.
Uncle Lam.
Today is a good day for me and Curtin.
You see, you live very happily now.
Don't bother us two anymore.
What happened today was a misunderstanding.
Why don't we drink together?
Today this matter seems to have turned over, how is it?
It was your fault from start to finish.
What can I drink with you?
Oh.
What's going on?
This is a one-for-one value red wine.
Tieu Thanh.
I just lent you my room card to get married.
You let your wife marry something that ruins the homeowner.
I will work for you later.
I come here.
Just want everyone to have a drink together.
This story is over again.
YES.
Uncle Lam, he did it on purpose.
Manage
You have to call the police and arrest him for me.
This is this is one hundred million.
Report to the police.
I haven't touched it yet.
Also, this red wine is mine.
If I want to fight, I will fight.
Protect.
Don't be afraid, my people are coming.